* Identified inconsistencies in information provided by staff on foreign currency fluctuation adjustments.
© Persisted in getting higher level review of regulatory and policy guidance.
© Report of foreign currency fluctuation is now consistently accurate.

Company Name February 2000 to January 2007 Chief, Accounts Payable Branch
(ene ECG

¢ As ChiefOf Accounts Payable I was responsible for the overall management ofa branch consisting of over 120 employees.

« My four first line supervisors were responsible for establishing priorities, schedules, and work assignments ensuring changes in workload are

accounted for to minimize the impact on nonmal office operations.

We consistently reviewed these areas and made necessary personnel moves based on shifting priorities.

This was extremely important during the DFAS Denver directed database consolidations and with the assumption of the Air National Guard

Deed ental

Workload increased rapidly while staffing increased gradually, which dictated frequent priority changes and personnel moves.

Lalso worked closely with the Major Commands supported by DFAS Limestone strengthening our partnership when workload spikes

negatively impacted our customers.

In December 2004, our overaged invoice percentage was nearing 25% and we had a backlog of vendor pay documents exceeding 30,000.

By working with the DFAS Command Client Executives and the Major Command Comptrolkrs, I was instrurrental in forming a strategy

that included soliciting Air Force personnel assistance in docurent processing, identification of "must pay now’ bills, and the formation of

special action response teams dedicated to responding to our custorrer’s most urgent requirements.

© Asa result of these efforts, ina three month period, we were able to reduce our overaged invoice percentage by 19% and our backlog of
documents to no documents over 20 days old thereby minimizing the adverse impact on customer fimds.

© Iwas responsible for providing personnel feedback sessions quarterly and prepared supervisory appraisals of employees’ performance and
potential for advancerrent.

© Partnering with the management staffand employees, I was instrurental in establishing Employee Performance Plans that linked employee
performance to established DFAS Strategies and Balance Scorecard goals.

* Inthis position as a supervisory accountant I was responsible for performing ongoing analysis of the Vendor Pay workflow and production
to identify negative trends and weaknesses, ensure specific weaknesses have been corrected, and determine whether systemic or repeat
issues have been identified and adequately addressed.

* Iwas required to apply a comprehensive knowledge of analysis/reporting requirerents, work processes, vendor pay system structures, and

data produced to resolve these issues.

Utilizing my expertise with Louis II data retrieval software, I produced ad-hoc data queries for in-house and external use by our customers.

These retrievals were designed to reduce the man- hours necessary to perform complex finance and accounting fimetions by DFAS and Air

Zelceek manera

I was responsible for the budget resources necessary to operate the branch.

In this capacity, I prepared budget over execution justifications, plan and monitor overtime costs, and control supply purchases to ensure the

most cost efficient operation possible.

© Iwas required to respond to inquiries from various sources, which include, but are not limited to, vendors, DFAS management, accounting

lnison offices, resource advisors, and other DFAS ficld sites.

These inquiries required my ability to relay technical aspects of systems deficiencies to customers who are not familiar with our operation.

I participated in video teleconferences, conference calls, and briefings designed to address customer and DFAS management requirements.

I was called upon to exphin, in hymen!s terms, DFAS policy and procedures with regards to delays in payment due to various reasons.

T responded to various audit reports and studies; ensuring senior management and audit personnel, understand particular situations within the

Vendor Pay business process that result in these findings.

Company Name February 1999 to February 2000 Chief Recon and Reports Branch
(Ora

* Inny position as Chief, Vendor Pay Reports and Recon Branch, | exercised supervision (either directly or indirectly) over 22 employees

Eten aya Mer ce IPUC ep rinuince ee lecoeelnc lui ehac

This responsibility also included supervision of the German local national workers assigned to my duty section.

I was responsible for planning, directing, and supervising the activities of the work force in the review, interpretation, processing, and

reconciliation of vendor pay and accounting data and the production of timely and accurate financial statement report requirements.

© I participated in the developrrent of branch policies continually reviewing and evaluating the organizational operations, work distribution, and
Sy ceeel ines

© I coordinated the activities of the assigned fimctions with those of other organizations to obtain the most effective correlation of financial

Chine

Directed and provided technical guidance to subordinates in the assigned area.

Assured the timeliness and accuracy of assigned workload.

Planned, organized, directed, coordinated, and reviewed the work of subordimte's sections ensuring the mission and fimctions of the

division were carried out.

© I managed and realigned resources, conducted program analyses, and made decisions in accordance with unit cost principles, outputs,

Iai cu cee amestnuried beLacia ears trcilnce

I participated in long range planning, goal setting, and evaluating the subordinate staff.

Interpreted and clarified branch policies and resolved operational problems.

Ensured efficient utilization and professional developrrent of my staff.
