DEPUTY PRINCIPAL
Executive Profile

Results-oriented and resourcefill education professional with proven ability to effectively develop and implement educational strategies, policy and
practices that improve student kaming outcomes and benefit all stakehoKlers. Strengths in strategic planning, policy development, budget
Imnagement, process evaluation, program development and grant management. Excellent at building relationships and managing by influence.
Comprehensive analytical, strategic thinking and rapid probkenrsolving skills. Proven kader, approachabk: teacher and accountable team phyer.
Tech sawwy, highly proficient with Microsoft Office Suite and website development tools. Certified Lean Six Sigm Black Belt.

[Oo a@o mcrae
: sceneries a «|S Project management
Se rea ccs cane janes eieiiimaaaaiaaal
¢ Conflict Resolution ae nner
Ra er neo Gunns enn

om \Veeriaynussarnatd

rvtess ep ocnaraned
On NaN HON AE CE Done UrTe LPI REO R@ureng

Direct the organization, management, and daily operations of assigned campus 371 students; 35 staff members.

Hire, supervise and evaluate all campus professional, administrative, and support staf

Ensure compliance with federal and state laws, State board of Education ruks, and board policy.

Prepare and submit the school budget and monitor expenditures according to administrative policies.

Develop and impkement information systems to track progress on campus performance objectives and academic excellence indicators.
Establish and maintain a program of discipline that is supportive of the instructional program

[Xo amena cH UENTCCa Rare RCM MUP TNO on CMeTe Cue ha ie

Compile, maintain, and file all physical and computerized reports, records, and other documents required including accurate and timely
reports of mximum attendance to requisition textbooks.

SHON EP shenbibeson eels MMe ocmed recur miveeRsrtielbameenunbere ne Garanetis Ribena
Demonstrate professional, ethical, and responsible behavior. Serve as a rok model for all campus staff.

Perform other duties as assigned.

Company Name City , State Director of School Improverrent 06/2013 to 06/2014

Monitored district and campus progress in meeting and exceeding the standards of the accountability systems.

erie MM Ronce ab roumiioenecComuralicrenccied isa) lk neactodireeeeninl lian bien a

Coordinated assessment developrrent and administration with departments and campus staf

Oro chilencuoe sy abenminekri aioe esistewencceccn ance

Aligned federal and state accountability programs with district instructional program.

Staff Development Directed, guided, and trained personnel at the district level and in all elementary, middie, and high school campuses in the
amalysis of assessment data, which includes local, state and national exams.

Met regularly with campus leadership tears, district specialists, and directors to provide current information on the accountability systems.

¢ Provide campus leadership teams, district specialists and directors information on all assessments.
© Developed and implemented staffdevelopment activities/plans and training programs for targeted personnel, district wide and campus wide

in the areas of state and federal accountability requirements.

Kept informed ofand comply with state, district, and school regulations and policies.

Compiled, maintained, and filed all physical and computerized reports, records, and other documents required.

Ensured campuses are provided operational flexibility and effectively impkemented ofall components of the school improvenent process.
Monitored the progress of improverent plans.

Attended campus keadership meetings regularly or coordinate the work of other district personnel *who are responsible for attending
campus kadership meetings.

Company Name City , State Fraud Analyst 06/2012 to 11/2013

Analyzed suspicious activity on customers’ accounts, identifying fraudulent charges and research account history for activity that may be
lined to similar activity in other accounts.

CWO acrnet seb epi coNe mires ate one em asus litieh Och va een nanan) nite ce
¢ Prepared charts and diagrams to assist in problem analysis.

Reviewed and research daily reports to identify suspicious/fraudukent activity across all delivery channels (ic. ATM, Debt, Credit Card, and
Oya tnep sain y

Circe P apr acca core Grcsensune men riesuecant Paced a sand sme aueeuontcmrebccenirar |
Bice ge eit

Periodicly reviewed and testing of Card Service Reports and Fraud Detective software to ensure efléctiveness in identifying
suspicious/fraudulent activity.

Responded and analyzed plastic card compromise alerts to assess the risk exposure, provide a recommendation to management, and timely
