execution of'a block and reissue process.

Maintained a working knowledge of the Falcon Fraud Neural Network

Protected the confidentiality ofall financial data relating to USAA Bank operations and its members.

Reconciled and summarized fraud losses and operational metrics, communicating results to other departments and management.
Completed database for Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) referrals.

Analyzed and evaluates existing or proposed system pararreters, formulating strategies and specifications for fraud software applications

Company Name City , State Coordinator of College & Career Readiness 08/2009 to 06/2013

Oversaw Career & Technical Education related grant administration and reporting,

Project managed Career & Technical Education related district improverrent projects.

Developed and facilitated curriculum, instruction and assessment support and professional developrrent for all Career & Technical teachers.
Assisted Career & Technical Education Teachers with data analysis, planning and student goal setting.

Worked collaboratively with the Director for Career & Technical Education to plan, implement, and evaluate departrrent instructional goak.
Maintained knowledge of Performance Based Monitoring & Analysis System (PBMAS) guidelines to ensure district compliance.

Integrated current research and effective instructional practices in campus support activities.

Modeled the use of data to drive instructional decisions, including the use of the District Data Management System.

Designed and implement an ongoing evaluation process focused on improving performance of Career & Technical Education programs that
provide services to students with disabilities per Texas Education Agency (TEA).

Company Name City , State Web Support Specialist 06/2007 to 06/2012

© Assisted members on troubleshooting USAA.com website for banking, financial investment, insurance and other COSA areas of need.

Docunents, tests, implements and maintains web pages and multimedia design using appropriate web publishing, editing and graphics
applications.

Impkrents design standards and styles that ensure a high level ofdesign and coding efficiency consistent with current standards, ws, and
firanece

Serves as a client contact regarding web site maintenance and enhancements.

Investigates web site issues and coordinates resolutions.

Monitors and reports web statistics and makes recommendations to managers to improve visbility and usability of web site.

Maintains technical expertise in web design tools and acts as technical resource for software in field of expertise.

Company Name City , State Enterprise Busmess Operations Specialist 07/2005 to 06/2007

© Assisted members with inquires regarding their checking, savings, credit card, certificate of deposit, and loan accounts.
* Assisted members with Telephone Bill Pay and Web Bill Pay inquiries including enrollment, making payments, account maintenance and

researching payments.
Serviced Consumer and Home Equity Loans including payments and extensions.

* Helped members setup their accounts to download into Microsoft Money and Quicken, and also paying bills through that software.

Processed and provided instructions for official check request, transferring finds, credit card cash advances, ordering ATM cards, wire
Reiser b wm

Processed payments for internal accounts.

Registered members for USAA.comand assisted members with level II issues within the web site.

Assisted members with PIN resets for the website and voice response system

Assisted members signing up for Electronic Document Delivery and how to navigate through the system

Answered questions fellow co-workers may have had in E-Commerce as a Hot-line Representative.

Company Name City , State Deposit Sales and Services Specialist 10/2001 to 07/2005

Counseled members on bank products and services via telephone, identifying their needs and servicing existing accounts.
Logged end of the month wire transfer tapes.

Assisted members with preparation for deployment.

Verified signature cards for new accounts and changes on existing accounts.

Answered questions co-workers may have had in Deposit Sales & Service as a Hot-line Representative.

Opened and established new accounts.

Researched financial inquiries to meet the customers banking needs.

ID coliot mua bele uy clcmenn ee see aioe

Processed wire transfers, cashiers checks, official checks, transferring finds and credit card cash advances.
Volunteered to help Consuer Lending and Home Equity Servicing during a system.

Company Name City , State Human Resource Manager 01/1998 to 09/2001

Researched and evaluated management practices in the construction industry, training and development programs, Ieadership principles and
employee relations.
