* Assumed the role of the Billing Official during my final rating period and compkted a self inspection of the program for the Management
(Xie PUrUrln ese reB neem
© During yearly audit by 700th CONS received zero findings.

On ANE MAH ROP MAU niwatcee nel
(ene ECG

© Inmy position as the Staff Accountant for HQ USAFE I was responsible for providing accounting and financial oversight and advice to
customers throughout the Commund in support of the USAFE Comptrolkr.

© Iwas responsible for performing ongoing analysis of financial programs to identify negative trends and weaknesses, ensured specific

weaknesses were corrected, and determined whether systemic or repeat issues were identified and adequately addressed.

I was required to apply a comprehensive knowledge of analysis/reporting requirements and data produced to resolve these issues.

In collaboration with DFAS Europe, developed an autormted tool that identifies duplicate obligations by comparing records in the

accounting system to the contracting system and provided notification to the finds manager for review and resolution,

This too! eliminated hours of manual research and results allowed HQ USAFE to deobligate over SSM in duplicate obligations.

I was responsible for establishing various performance metrics which ensured effective and efficient use of USAFE financial resources.

I supported the USAFE/FMA Financial metrics program by collaborating with DFAS Limestone in the development ofan automated tool

that provided senior leaders with visibility to any USAFE unit that is not in compliance with the established rules and regulations related to

fine) Om

This tool provides management reports that are used to populate the monthly metric charts which are briefed by the USAFE/FMA.

This tool provided the capability for USAFE/FMA to collaborate with USAFE Contracting and develop/deploy joint guidance that supports

the established Air Force Instruction mandating card suspension for card holders who are not in compliance with required reservation of

eB ReKontLaneney i oniene Nemes icL 6] Cen

I identified and resolved a problem with five GPC accounts that had been rejecting during the autormted interface process each month.

My research revealed that these accounts were rejecting for invalid paying station and required manual intervention by both Wing and

DF WB oronennas

MUP rel<emeresl Cte enamide Noemi mew ieclme aime ace

I partnered with DFAS Denver, corrected the records in the Access On-Line accounts eliminating the error condition.

I identified a method to deliver one-on-one training in support of the USAFE deployment of the Open Document Analysis (ODA) tool in

BAY ASSeiCom

© By utilizing Defense Connect Online I provided training remotely, virtually eliminating the need to expend fimds on Temporary Duty (TDY)
ios

© The results of this training produced results that went well above expectations and were noted by the ODA Program Managenent Office.

Company Name Jamury 2007 to July 2009 Chief, Reports Branch. Accounts Maintenance and Control
(eral

® Inny position as Chiefof the Reports Branch in Accounts Maintenance & Control (AM&C) I was responsible for ensuring the
Glate Meh eRoleatia LOMO Arne ce leearl Eee satin g lei cy
I was responsible for the completeness and accuracy of weekly, monthly, quarterly, sern-annual, and annual reports.
My branch monitored errors in the General Accounting and Finance System (GAFS/BQ) and ensured corrective actions were
accomplished.
L also ensured fimd balances were reconciled and reports were verified prior to release to base activities and higher headquarters.
Limestone reorganized under the High Performing Organization (HPO) in January 2007 and at that time I was reassigned to AM&C, a
Directorate which previously did not exist.
© My challenge during that time was to staff my branch, implement an aggressive training scheduk, and ensure the continuity of financial
reporting was maintained.
As we transitioned into the HPO we continued defining the missions and fimetions for AM&C for the entire network.
I participated in biweekly conférence calls with Standards and Compliance in an effort to define missions and functions for AM&C.
Worked with management in determining FTEs needed for the branch.
I was responsible for developing meaningful performance standards for my employees since this branch and its fimctions did not previously
oa
Limestone POC for an initiative to elirinate suspense accounts throughout the agency.
Identified suspense accounts not initially targeted, formulated strategies to elirinate accounts or requested waivers, and participated in plans
to modify processes using suspense accounts, such as the interfiind suspense account.
© These actions provided initial progress towards mecting the Department of Treasury's mandate to discontinue suspense accounts by

bel lat staal te
COCR eIHaCs ered cocepals tots R eB lom in aan mL MOR) Berle b uPA Uar aces epee MiNcKe es en ec)
experienced personnel and realigning resources to support critical initiatives in Accounts Payable.
I orchestrated the transition of reporting requirements for the Transportation Financial Management System (TFMS) workload from DFAS
Omaha to Linxstone.
After transition to Limestone encouraged staffresponsible for these reports to streamline the processes.
Staffautommted a completely manual, time consuming process, thus eliminating potential key stroke errors and manually validating numerous
spreadsheets and listings.
* Contributor to Federal Managers Financial Integrity Act (EMFIA) Compliance Review and establishment of assessable units.
