I was expected to provide reasomble assurance that operations were conducted in compliance with applicable laws and that fimds,
property, and other assets were safeguarded against waste, loss, umauthorized use, or misappropriation.

I ensured continuing and affinmtive application and support of DoD and DFAS policy conceming the equal opportunity and affinmative
action programs.

Ensured personnel management within organizational entity under my supervision was accomplished without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, age, national origin, or handicap.

I kept abreast of developments, policy issuance, and other similar material in the equal opportunity field and filly supported the DoD and
DF New Lel EO ere niinm weeny

I was responsible and accountable for the safety and health of my subordinates.

I ensured personnel were trained to work safely.

I enforced safety and health rules, corrected unsafe or unhealthy acts and unsafe or unhealthy mechanical or physical conditions, investigated
mishaps and tool other actions necessary to ensure the safety and health of my employees.

Oo NANCE ew eee Ee Tor aCe RO Lam ceennce Nes siclnely
Ore El(G

I was responsible for establishing priorities, schedules, and work assignments ensuring changes in workload are accounted for to minimize
the impact on nonmal office operations.

This was important during the DFAS Denver directed workload realighiment to the Field Sites servicing our customers by Major Command.
AN let snUb resect Guile(leniot@ ae olanreiearancectinemmacenoe ies ies

L also worked closely with the Major Commands supported by DFAS Limestone strengthening our partnership when workload spikes
negatively impacted our customers.

I was responsible for providing personnel feedback sessions quarterly and preparedsupervisory appraisals of employees’ performance and
potential for advancement.

As a supervisory accountant I was responsible for performing ongoing analysis of the Vendor Pay workflow and production.

I identified negative trends and weaknesses, ensured specific weaknesses were corrected, and determine whether systemic or repeat issues
were identified and adequately addressed.

I was required to apply a comprehensive knowledge of analysis/reporting requirements, work processes, vendor pay system structures, and
data produced to resolve these issues.

Utilizing my knowledge with Louts II data retrieval software, I produced ad-hoc data queries for in-house and extemnal use by our
aretha

These retrievals are all designed to reduce the man- hours necessary to perform complex finance and accounting fimctions by DFAS and
Air Force personnel.

I was responsible for the budget resources necessary to operate the branch.

In this capacity, I prepared budget over execution justifications, plan and monitor overtime costs, and control supply purchases to ensure the
most cost efficient operation possible.

I was required to respond to inquiries from various sources, which include, but are not limited to, vendors, DFAS management, accounting
lnison offices, resource advisors, and other DFAS ficld sites.

These inquiries require my ability to relay technical aspects of systems deficiencies to customers who are not familiar with our operation.

I participated in video teleconferences, conference calls, and briefings designed to address customer and DFAS managerment requirements.
I was offen called upon to exphin, in hymen's tenvs, DFAS policy and procedures with regards to delays in payment due to various
Sesse tc

I was required to respond to various audit reports and studies; ensuring senior managerrent and audit personnel, understand particular
situations within the Vendor Pay business process that result in these findings.

I was hand selected by the Field Site Director and Vendor Pay Site Manager to represent DFAS Limestone ona team comprised of
representatives fromall DFAS Denver field sites to provide training to our Air Force base kevel Resource Advisors.

During a five week period, I provided "Boot Camp" training to over 400 base level personnel ensuring resource advisors were familiar with
aD OWEN A ere rico et bed tat alcp el aceM OB Mets iaialnote Cte

Company Name June 1994 to June 1995 Accountant, Network Assistant Team
(ene ECG

Asa member of the Network Assistance Team, I was required to have an extensive working knowledge of DoD accounting systes,
theory, policy, and procedures.

I was consistently called upon to develop and implement procedures consistent with DoD regulations.

Coordinated with DFAS Denver and the Orla Field Site on the consolidation of the first geographically separated Defense Accounting
Office into DFAS.

In my position as a member of the Network Assistance Team I was required, upon arrival at each base level Defense Accounting Office
(DAO) to provide an in-brief

This briefing identified team members, the purpose of the visit, goals, and responsibilities.

LON e circus meno ema ricmiecncl tay omeniimlreacciimense sic mranceeriicalleRycia

I provided recommendations to preclude recurring problems and to prepare the organization for consolidation.

Company Name June 1993 to June 1994 Supervisor, Accounts Control Branch
ler aE

ia alt aoa poe Shara ee ee Uo
