* Managed human resource activities for direct reports in regards to: recruiting and selection, hiring and termination, training, professional
development, mentoring, counseling, performance evaluations, and salary planning.

© Coordinated and facilitated, OSHA training, for new and current employees and, instructed classes to ensure employees stay in compliance

with state and federal regulations.

Maintained the work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions.

Maintained organization staff by establishing a recruiting, testing, and interviewing program, counseling managers on candidate selection;

COMPMie Themes kona RT OOM CEeenr eens lnc inicod

Prepared employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and training prograns.

Maintained a pay phn by conducting periodic pay surveys; scheduling and conducting job evaluations; preparing pay budgets; monitoring

and scheduling individual pay actions; recommending, planning, and implementing pay structure revisions.

¢ Ensured planning, monitoring, and appraisal of employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees; scheduling
management conferences with employees; hearing and resolving employee grievances; counseling employees and supervisors.

* Maintained employee benefits programs and informs employees of benefits by studying and assessing benefit needs and trends;
recommending benefit programs to management; directing the processing of benefit chims; obtaining and evaluating benefit contract bids;
awarding benefit contracts; designing and conducting educational programs on benefit programs.

© Ensured legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and state requirements; conducting

investigations; maintaining records; representing the organization at hearings.

Maintained management guidelines by preparing, updating, and recommending human resource policies and procedures.

Maintained historical human resource records by designing a filing and retrieval systens keeping past and current records.

Maintained professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing

personal networks; participating in professional societies.

Completed Inman resource operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.

Maintained human resource staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.

Maintained human resource staff job results by counseling and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.

Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

prairie)
Mid-Managerment Principal Certification : Leadership 2013 Lamar University , City , State, USA

Master Certficate in Six Signa : Leadership 2008 Villanova University , City , State , USA

Certificate of Achievement in Lean Six Signa Black Belt : Leadership 2008 Villanova University , City , State , USA
Certification of Achievement in Lean Six Sigma : Leadership 2007 Villanova , City, State, USA

Master of Arts : Organizational Management 2003 University of Phoenix , City, State , USA
Teacher Certification : Education 2002 Southwest Texas State University , City , State, USA

Bachelor of Science : Health Care & Business Administration 2001 Wayland Baptist University , City , State, USA
[Oe tomel ally

Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Photoshop, Acrobat Pro, Photoshop Elements, Final Cut Pro, MS office, Mac OSX, Mac IOS
