SENIOR LENDING OFFICER - VP EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Summry

As the Senior Lending Officer at a regional Community Bank in Upstate NY, my role and responsibilities were for that of the outbound sales
growth of the Lending fimetion of the bank. Over the past five years I have effectively grown each segment of the bank including Residential
Mortgages, Consumer and Commercial lending. Each sub segrrent of the banks business has been given a new department manager to help

execute the action steps for growth and planned operating efficiencies as a result of my planned new initiatives as suggested by being a part of the
ea ce Oconee te aed

Senior Commercial Lender with 25 years as a leader in the financial industry. Service-oriented with expertise in building a solid custorrer base.

Highlights
© Srmnll Business Development Leader. © Effectively grew Connrrcial Loan balances 5-10% each of the
© Product Line Expansion on both Residential Mortgage and past five years.
(Aictirem eect User © Established a robust outbound calling plan for the banks sales
PEO clans Dov auiniuaragoinanat sce ocala
© Created a CRM phitform with the banks BakerHill Commercial © Designed and implemented an Incentive Compensation Plan
Software. (UD Romine cs ees
© Impkmented new software systems with MortgageBot and * Active member of local financing agency's Board of Directors
Drees olnlgtem (GSBDC and NYBDC)
Experience

Senior Lending Officer - VP Executive Officer 11/2009 to Current Company Name City , State

* Responsible for the Management and Development of six(6) Commercial Lending Officers whose roles and responsibilities include the
development of new business within their assigned areas of responsibilities and portfolios.

Achieved an average of $60,000.0 in new commercial lending originations over the last five years .

C&I and CREM portfolio active balance growth for the bank to over $150,000.0 representing a 5% year/year growth rate.
Responsible for the management and fimctionality of the banks Residential Mortgage Group including the groups 7 staff members.
Responsibke for the development and management of the Consumer Loan Manager.

Commercial Lender - Regional Medical Liaison 10/2008 to 11/2009 Company Narre City , State

* Responsible for the outbound sales and servicing activity of the Commercial Lending and Business Banking activity/fimction in the Syracuse
region.
© Small business expert for this segment.

Commercial TEAM Leader 04/1998 to 10/2008 Company Name City , State

* Responsible for the developrrent and growth of five (5) Commercial Lenders whose responsibilities and goals included the management of
existing Commercial relationship within the bank and the new business development ina holistic approach.

(Kiera secre Ae lino Ny MU ean ime a Oee oiig Ne lteed ON MAES

© Responsible for the daily management and monitoring of'a $25,000.0 lending portfolio through ten (10) Bank branch offices covering three
Western NY counties.

© Activities included the development of new and existing loan business as well as solicitation of retail, trust & investment and insurance
tse

© Generated over $30,000.0 in new commercial originations during this period.

Business Developrent/Conmercial Lending Officer 09/1991 to 09/1994 Company Nam City , State

¢ Responsibk for the outbound sales and management of Business Banking Credits along with the cash management sales of related bank
suena ce
« Ako active in the preparation of case and credit analysis cases for the origination of bank assets.

Advanced Staff Auditor 07/1988 to 08/1991 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for the complete and accurate completion of client job work-papers for a variety of industries including Municipal, Private, Real
Estate, Manufacturing, Wholesale and Retail segments of the local business market.

¢ Related Federal and State Income Tax retum preparation along with personal income tax return preparation were an additional critical
component ofall jobs performed.

Staff Accounts Payable Clerk 06/1985 to 06/1988 Company Name City , State
